Add link to Generating Candid for Rust doc (#1984)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/backend/candid/candid-howto.md

If you write a canister in Motoko, for example, the compiler automatically generates a Candid description when you compile the program. If you use the SDK, you will typically see the auto-generated `.did` files in the `/declarations` directory of your project. Since these files are are auto-generated, it is recommended they should not be manually edited. Even if you change the `.did` files in your project, they will be overwritten in the next dfx build.

> In other languages, like Rust, you will have to write the Candid interface description manually. However, there is a [community-built script](https://daviddalbusco.com/blog/automatic-candid-generation-in-rust-exploring-the-ic-cdk-v0-10-0-update/) that can automatically generate Candid interface descriptions for Rust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For canisters written in Rust, the Candid extractor tool can be used with the IC CDK version `0.11.0` and newer. You can find the full instructions for using the Candid extractor [here](/docs/current/developer-docs/backend/candid/generating-candid). 

In other languages, you will have to write the Candid interface description manually. With the help of types, we have developed tools to automatically generate UI and perform random testing based on the service description file. 
```

> With the help of types, we developed tools to automatically generate UI and perform random testing based on the service description file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
